Update Help Center JWT API references (#4)
zendesk/demo-snippets: community-roadmap/backend/README.md

npm run test
```

> If you need to run the tests against a production service, you need a Zendesk instance and an instance of the community-roadmap service deployed. The Zendesk instance must have the [secure end-user experience integrations for Help Center](https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/5860358664730) feature. You should also go to Admin Center to create an API token for your user.

Reviewer: We avoid linking to announcements because our policy is to archive any announcement older than six months. Suggested edit:
```suggestion
If you need to run the tests against a production service, you need a Zendesk instance and an instance of the community-roadmap service deployed. The Zendesk instance must be on the Guide Enterprise or Suite Enterprise plan. You should also go to Admin Center in Zendesk to create an API token for your user.
```
